The President: Hello, everybody.
In our house, everybody
knows that President is only
the third-most important
job in the family.
So this weekend, I'm going
to take a little extra time
to say thank you to Michelle
for the remarkable way she
does the most important
job: being a mom.
And I'm going to give extra
thanks to my mother-in-law
for the role model she's
always been to Michelle and
the countless selfless
ways in which she's helped
Michelle and me raise
Malia and Sasha.
I am incredibly lucky to
have women who help me
raise, love, and
look after our girls.
I hope you'll also take a
moment to say thank you to
the women in your life who
love you in that special way
mothers do.
Biological moms, adoptive
moms, and foster moms;
single moms, grandmoms
and godmothers; aunts and
mentors - whomever you
think of
when you think of Mother's Day.
Or take a moment, like I
will, to remember the moms
who raised us, whose big
hearts sustained us, and
whom we miss every day,
no matter how old we get.
Giving flowers is
always a good idea.
But I hope that on this
Mother's Day, we'll recommit
ourselves to doing more than
that: Through deeds that
match our words, let's give
mothers the respect they
deserve, give all women the
equality they deserve, and
give all parents the support
they need
in their most important roles.
That includes paid maternity
and paternity leave, sick
leave, accommodations for
workers who are pregnant,
good health care, affordable
child care, flexibility at
work, equal pay, and a
decent minimum wage.
We ask our mothers to do
more than their fair share
of just about everything.
Making sure they're treated
fairly is the least we can do.
The idea of setting aside
a Sunday in May for our
mothers became an official
holiday with a Congressional
resolution a little more
than 100 years ago.
They did it on May 8 - the
same day we'll celebrate
Mother's Day this year.
If Congress can make a
holiday, surely they can
back it up with the things
that give it meaning.
After all, that's what
my mother taught me.
I couldn't just say I was
going to do the right thing,
or say I agreed with
it on principle.
I had to actually do it.
So this Mother's
Day, say thank you.
Say, "I love you."
And let's make sure we
show that gratitude and
appreciation through acts of
respect throughout the year.
No one deserves that
more than our moms.
Happy Mother's Day, and
have a great weekend.